right you two have been thinking in fact
I spent most of the night thinking and a
whole both of you responsible God
nothing's as bad as the atmosphere in
this place since you two started working
together yeah now I've come to a
decision and I know I'm not gonna be
popular yeah I mean you could always try
the factory they might still be taking
on more staff hang on a minute you think
she should fire me
well well Mimi is it I mean have you any
idea how many years I've worked it I'm
the chef enough both of you
neither of you is going anywhere despite
your issues with one another you boss
rather good at what you do so there's
only one way to resolve this I want you
to work even more closely together
we've got enough covering the bar today
so I want you in here helping Marlon no
no no no no no no I'm perfectly fine is
not up for discussion I'm afraid you're
gonna learn to get along if it kills you
boss
at least that way we'll get a bit of
peace go on then if you buy him I'll
have another gin tip she made those
doubles sounds like World War three he's
just broken out in there million one
thing I asked her to do tidy my shelf
well how did I know that the whole thing
was gonna come down I knew this wasn't
gonna work oh well if you weren't so
paranoid about me being a better cook
than you then I would have been
relegated to the role of cleaner oh yeah
cuz I'm gonna feel threatened by a non
chef when you finish both of you there's
still two gents outside waiting for the
food Oh allow me
give me a break away from him hey don't
worry bike the walk you growing up all
those rights a cosign I rest my case